Added Wix installer native project. (#1885)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/InstallEbpf.md

Do the following from within the VM:

1. Download the `ebpf-for-windows_installer.msi` file from the [latest release on GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/ebpf-for-windows/releases).
1. Execute the `ebpf-for-windows_installer.msi` file you downloaded.
1. After accepting the License and selecting the desired installation folder (default will be "`C:\Program Files\eBPFforWindows`"), the following components will be selectable from the *Installation Wizard*:

    * **Runtime Components** (mandatory): this feature adds the eBPF runtime and core components, which are also required by the other components. If you select only this
      feature, only [native code generation](NativeCodeGeneration.md) is enabled.

>     * **Development** (optional): this feature adds headers and libraries used for development. If you only want to use eBPF for development

Reviewer: What happened to the "JIT" feature?

Author: @dthaler Previously, the "JIT" feature was just present in the documentation, but not in the actual MSI... therefore the documentation was documenting an inexistent MSI feature.

If there "is" a "JIT" feature that was supposed to be there, then let's sync offline and happy to package it.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/microsoft/ebpf-for-windows/blob/main/tools/setup/CMakeLists.txt#L90
It's basically ebpfsvc.exe.

Reviewer: Ok to deal with that in a separate PR though and track it as part of issue #1883.

Author: From what I can see in the previous MSI database (and the resulting GUI), the service was installed as part of the "Runtime components":

```xml
<Component Id="CM_CP_Runtime.ebpfsvc.exe" Guid="{990D477D-5AE7-56FF-B296-5D269A9473AA}" Win64="yes">
                        <File Id="CM_FP_Runtime.ebpfsvc.exe" Name="ebpfsvc.exe" KeyPath="yes" DiskId="1" Source="SourceDir\File\CM_FP_Runtime.ebpfsvc.exe" />
</Component>
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22826130/213006464-a3a4d0ff-d378-4361-8d5b-07e3e0be87f4.png)

If we do need to split the service as a separate "JIT" feature, then I'd propose to just do it now OR, I can just specify more clearly in the documentation that the JIT component is among the "Runtime components".

Reviewer: if it's easy to do now, feel free since I think it will help with #1883.

Author: Implemented partitioning for JIT, and available for Debug builds only.

      rather than running programs, you can [use the NuGet package](GettingStarted.md#using-ebpf-in-development)
      instead of the MSI.
    * **Testing** (optional): this feature adds tests for the eBPF runtime for use by eBPF runtime developers.

> An **unattended install/uninstall** is also supported, through the following commands (examples show a full Dev&Test installation/unistallation, using "`C:\Program Files\eBPFforWindows`" as a custo installation folder):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **unattended install/uninstall** is also supported, through the following commands (examples show a full Dev&Test installation/uninstallation, using "`C:\Program Files\eBPFforWindows`" as a custom installation folder):
```

* Installation:

    ```bash
    C:\Windows\system32\msiexec.exe /i ebpf-for-windows_installer.msi INSTALLFOLDER="C:\Program Files\eBPFforWindows" ADDLOCAL=eBPF_Development,eBPF_Testing /qn
    ```

>     >**Note**: like in the in the graphical *Installation Wizard*, you can also customize the installation by choosing what **optional** features (i.e., `eBPF_Development` and/or `eBPF_Testing`) should be installed and assigning the comma-separated values to the `ADDLOCAL` parameter. The above commands, besides the mandatory `Runtime_Components`, also install the *Development* and *Testing* components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**Note**: like in the graphical *Installation Wizard*, you can also customize the installation by choosing what **optional** features (i.e., `eBPF_Development` and/or `eBPF_Testing`) should be installed and assigning the comma-separated values to the `ADDLOCAL` parameter. The above commands, besides the mandatory `Runtime_Components`, also install the *Development* and *Testing* components.
```
